organization users (#712)
neo4j/docs-aura: modules/ROOT/pages/user-management.adoc

:page-aliases: platform/user-management.adoc

User management is a feature within Aura that allows admins to invite users and set their roles within an isolated environment.
Each project can have multiple users with individual accounts allowing access to the same environment.

== Invite users

> As an _Admin_, to invite a new user, you invite at the project level and assign a project-level role.
> 
> . Within a project, go to *Users* and select *Invite user*.
> . Enter the **Email** address of the person you want to invite and press *Add*.
> . Select the user's **Role**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an _Admin_, go to *Users* from within a project, and select *Invite users*.
You need to provide an email address for the new user and decide which project-level role to assign them.
 ```

* On accepting the invite, the invited user automatically gets an `ORG_MEMBER` role in the organization the project is part of
* If needed, you can change the org-level role after the invite is accepted - only do this if the user needs a different role at the organization level.

.Grant users access to a project
image::inviteusers.png[]

== Accept an invite

When invited to a project, you will receive an email with a link to accept the invite.
This link will direct you to the Aura console, where a **Project invitation** modal will appear.
You can select the project(s) you have been invited to and choose to accept or decline the invite(s).

// You can also close the **Project invitation** modal without accepting or declining the invite(s) and later manually re-open the modal by selecting the **Pending invites** envelope icon in the console header.

== Edit roles

As an _Admin_, to edit an existing user's role:

. Select the more actions (three dots) icon next to the user's name from the **User** page.
. Select the user's new **Role**.
. Select **Save**.

> == Delete users
> 
> As an _Admin_, to delete an existing user:
> 
> . Select the more actions (three dots) next to the user's name from the **User** page.
> . Select **Delete**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Can be included in the section above. We must really try not to teach users how to click buttons.

== Organization-level roles

> Roles at the organization level determine what administrative capabilities a user has across all projects within the organization.

Reviewer: This needs to move back up to the top.

| {check-mark}
|===

// [NOTE]
// ====
// It is also possible to delete a user whose **Status** is _Pending invite_.

// Select the trash can icon next to the user's name, and then select **Revoke**.
// ====

// [TIP]
// ====
// User management within the Aura console does not replace built-in roles or fine-grained RBAC at the database level.
// ====

== Invite users

* As an _Admin_, go to *Users* from within a project, and select *Invite users*.
You need to provide an email address for the new user and decide which project-level role to assign them. Select **Invite**.
* The invited user will receive an email with a link to accept the invitation and their status is *Pending* until they accept the invitation.
Note that on accepting the invite, the invited user automatically gets an `ORG_MEMBER` role in the organization the project is part of.
If needed, you can change the org-level role after the invite is accepted.

.Grant users access to a project
image::inviteusers.png[]

> == Edit users and roles

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Edit users and roles
```
